Hey! Kid!
Get your ass down here!
Come on!
Hey! Jump, motherfucker!
All right. Cool.
- This is for you.
- Thanks.
And this is for you guys.
Thank you.
Charlie, the kid tipped us, bro.
You owe me 20.
Hey, you're a good guy.
Not too many left in this city.
- Move the fucking truck, sister!
- Damn!
Hey, we got to take off.
You can handle that last piece, right?
Yeah, I got it.
Oh, fuck.
♪ Ooh, tap in to the frequency, light ♪
♪ Tap in to the frequency, light ♪
♪ Born from dusk to dawn ♪
♪ I am truly alive ♪
- One, two...
- ♪ The satellite that sits in frame ♪
♪ To illuminate this shaded place ♪
♪ He's a rose that don't belong
The music, the magic, take the lead ♪
God!
♪ Come on with it
Mmm, come on ♪
♪ Moments don't pass me up, no, no ♪
♪ 'Cause I seize them in stride ♪
♪ Tell them winning
Never gave me in then ♪
Hmm?
Oh.
Oh! Oh!
I'm sorry.
- All good.
- Cool bear.
It's not really a bear, but thanks.
♪ My eyes are glowing mood rings
You're boring ♪
♪ Stop dueling with the true thing
I do think ♪
♪ When you think too much
You're removing what's moving ♪
Oh, shit!
♪ Go ahead and pogo
Something gonna catch you ♪
♪ A petty logo, shed all my tattoos ♪
♪ I read all the bad news ♪
♪ That says I'm too careful ♪
♪ Tap in to the frequency, light ♪
♪ Ooh, tap in to the frequency, light ♪
♪ The universe never steered me wrong
The universe never lied ♪
♪ Take me bound to the come me down
The fantasy in this remedy ♪
♪ Free from where you don't belong
In the concept of time ♪
♪ New levels, mmm ♪
♪ Come on, don't fuck up the feng shui ♪
♪ So twisted in emotional notions ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ I savor your love ♪
♪ Don't fuck up the feng shui ♪
♪ I see every thing with new beams
I do dream ♪
♪ My eyes are glowing mood rings
You're boring ♪
♪ Stop dueling with the true thing
I do think ♪
♪ When you think too much
You're removing what's moving ♪
♪ Stuck inside a statue, look at you ♪
♪ Go ahead and pogo
Something gonna catch you ♪
♪ A petty logo, shed all my tattoos ♪
♪ I read all the bad news
That says I'm too careful ♪
Jabari?
Jabari!
- Hey, what's up, Carmen?
- Hey.
How you been?
Good. Good.
Hungry?
Hmm?
Oh, yeah! Nah. Ky and Jimmy are coming
to break in the new crib.
I figured Chinese was the easiest way
to do that.
Don't have forks and shit yet.
- You moved?
- Yeah. Today, actually.
Just down the way.
You live in Manhattan?
I know. Crazy, right?
It is. You're selling that many sneakers
at Flight Club?
Actually, I don't even work there anymore.
I work at Cosmic Comics now.
Get the fuck out of here! Doing what?
Well, they want me to turn Mr. Rager
into a comic book.
What?
Jabari, that's big!
I'm so happy for you.
Thank you.
Don't say "thank you" like that,
like it's fucking normal.
Yeah. You're right. It's not.
Carmen. What you want?
Oh, I gotta go.
But, um, maybe a drink sometime
to celebrate?
Yeah. Yeah. For sure. I'm down.
- That'd be dope.
- Great.
It was really good to see you.
Yeah, you too.
I swear there's a dog whistle that lets
women know as soon as you get lit.
Oh, you got a promotion?
Hey, big head! Every time!
Ky, she ain't hitting me up.
I ran into her on the street.
Coincidence? I think not.
Yeah, come on. What the fuck, bro?
That's no coincidence.
- My man.
- That is fate.
Your man.
Wait, just hear me out.
You haven't seen Carmen in how long?
Like, five, six months. Why?
Six months?
Bro, and nothing?
And on the day you move
into this one percent-ass apartment,
she just Beetlejuices back into your life
out of nowhere?
- She's not back in my life, Jimmy!
- "You're not..." Good! Keep it that way.
We don't need Carmen in here trying
to "Carmen up" your whole situation.
Bari, I hate to say it, but Jimmy got
a point. You're a bachelor now.
This is a bachelor pad.
You need, like, velvet couches,
soft lighting,
and nice wines and wine glasses and shit.
Right, you could listen
to Scarface over here,
or do we turn this place
into a grow house?
Look at all this natural light!
Yeah, I think I'm just going to hit a CB2.
- Oh, yeah, they got some nice stuff.
- Yeah, the Lenny Kravitz collab is fire.
Stop!
Okay.
Didn't I look so good today, Jabari?
Go ahead, DM me.
Oh, fuck it.
Okay, okay, okay.
- Sorry.
- All good.
- Hey!
- Hey.
- So, what's up?
- What can I get you guys?
- Uh, I'm a...
- He'll have a whiskey and ginger beer.
But if you don't have ginger beer,
ginger ale is fine.
And she'd like to try
your four driest whites.
She's not going to love any of them,
but the process is part of the experience.
Ha ha. I'll just take whichever white
you think is best.
Mm-hmm.
Who are you, and what have you done
with the Carmen I know?
I've just figured out that everything
doesn't have to be perfect.
I am Chill Carmen. Carmen 2.0.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Mm!
To Carmen 2.0.
We're celebrating you tonight!
Okay, you trying to rage, huh?
Don't see why not.
Yo, can we get two shots of tequila?
Make it six!
What the fuck? Six?
Hell, yeah!
If we're gonna celebrate,
let's fucking celebrate!
This is my favorite one you've ever done!
Oh, I gotta take a picture.
Besides, it's for my Stush profile.
You know, since I'm single.
Oh! You're on Stush?
Just take the picture.
Wait, you got to back up.
Keep going.
You got to get the whole vibe.
- Happy?
- Very!
- All right.
- "Aight"? You just took one!
All right. I got like three!
Take like 15. I need options.
And use a flash.
Oh, my God!
Are you okay?
I probably have rabies now,
but other than that, I'm good.
I know. I know.
Right.
I'm not sure.
Mm-hmm.
He's right here.
- Who is it?
- My mother.
What? Why does she want to talk to me?
Hey! Mrs. Atkins.
Your niece's christening? Um...
Okay.
Yeah, I have a suit.
Oh, okay.
Mom, we gotta go.
Oh, I'll call you later.
Bye.
She's insane.
Morning!
Morning. Wait. Did you work out?
Yeah, I went for a run. Yeah.
You got a lighter?
Really?
You don't have to come
to the christening if you don't want.
Uh-huh.
I just told my mom you were here,
and she got really excited to see you.
Are you getting in?
If I turn this thing off there won't be
hot water again till happy hour.
Bari?
Jabari!
I was gonna kill you. I thought you left.
Nah.
But I do think we need to talk.
Okay.
I just think this was a mistake.
Huh.
Could you be more specific?
I don't know.
We have a few drinks and I'm already
at a christening with your mom?
- Bari, I told you, you don't have to come.
- I know. I know.
Carmen, I just have
so much new shit in my life.
I don't want to be with someone right now.
No, you don't want to be with me.
Honestly, I can't be with anyone.
It's really not about you.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Well, I really wish you would
have had this revelation last night.
Yeah, I know.
♪ But when the Remy's in the system... ♪
- Not funny.
- Sorry.
But, yo, nobody died.
We could be friends.
Oh!
You wanna be friends now?
I mean, we could try, right?
Sure. Why not?
- So you're going to stay, or...
- Oh, yeah. Nah, I'm out.
Excuse me. Do you have a light?
Uh, yeah.
Thanks.
Yo!
♪ Finally got my head right ♪
♪ It's a new me ♪
♪ It's like I got heaven
In my sights now ♪
♪ Beauty I see ♪
♪ When it seems it's all too much
And your soul, it can't be rushed ♪
♪ No, no ♪
♪ When the going's getting tough
And you know you can't give up ♪
♪ No way ♪
♪ And I'm in a new mode ♪
♪ Been searching for so long now lately ♪
♪ Another level ♪
♪ I found some peace within ♪
♪ And I'm in a new mode ♪
♪ I prayed for so, so long now lately ♪
♪ Another level ♪
♪ Oh, let's begin... ♪
Fuck you, you motherfucker shit!
Sorry, miss. It's this stupid
bike messenger's fault.
No worries. You okay?
Uh, yes.
Cool. Let's just get there safe, my man.
♪ I looked inside
I never let me down ♪
♪ Ain't the same as when you left me ♪
♪ Things have changed
You won't forget me now ♪
♪ I'm gonna be all right ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Two people just meeting ♪
♪ Barely touching each other ♪
♪ Two spirits greeting ♪
♪ Trying to carry it further ♪
♪ You are one ♪
♪ And I am another ♪
♪ We should be ♪
♪ One ♪
♪ Inside each other ♪
♪ Stay off the weed ♪
♪ While I cough off this blunt
I sit back in the cut ♪
♪ All my niggas riding with me
More excuses to stunt ♪
♪ And we filling the cup ♪
♪ And we filling the woods ♪
♪ Loud bang out the truck
In the range looking good ♪
♪ Get your girl off a "hey"
Said she ready to play ♪
♪ It's all the game, it's all game
And I'm doing my thing ♪
♪ More rage, more rage
Black Porsche in the rain ♪
♪ Someone stop me, bitch, get off me
Man, my life ain't the same ♪
Yuhr! What up, bro?
♪ Now it's like I'm on my super
And I'm feeling them gains ♪
♪ Been through hell and back
Made it, it's a wrap ♪
♪ Can't keep a nigga down ♪
♪ Baby, that's a fact ♪
♪ And I repping Cleveland
City running through veins ♪
Oh!
- Hey!
Hey! Yes!
♪ And I feel like I can do what I want ♪
♪ Living, living, living, living
I'm gonna do what I want ♪
♪ And I feel like I can do what I want ♪
♪ Living, living, living, living
I'm gonna do what I want ♪
♪ And I feel like I can do what I want ♪
♪ Living, living, living, living
I'm gonna do what I want ♪
Yo, you good?
What?
Are you good?
Oh, yeah! Yeah!
- Are you good?
- Yeah!
♪ Feel like writing a movie
Yeah, that shit would be groovy ♪
♪ Anything that I want
Anything that would move me ♪
♪ Next step, I'm on my shit
And I'm living with love ♪
♪ Ain't no question
All praises to my angels above ♪
♪ Take a trip, a couple women
Couple 'shrooms to the groove ♪
♪ Set a mood to the tune
Rock star in the news ♪
♪ Rock star on YouTube ♪
♪ No, my nigga, you lose
Keep my head up, never let up ♪
♪ And my fate's what I choose ♪
Yeah!
Brooklyn!
♪ Can't forget I'm on Zoom
Cudder back on the moon ♪
♪ Cudder back on the moon ♪
♪ And I feel like I can do what I want ♪
♪ Living, living, living, living
I'm gonna do what I want ♪
- ♪ And I feel like I can do what I want ♪
- Oh, yeah!
Delivery!
♪ Living, living, living, living
I'm gonna do what I want ♪
♪ And I feel like I can do what I want ♪
♪ Living, living, living, living
I'm gonna do what I want ♪
♪ And I feel like I can do what I want ♪
♪ Living, living, living, living
I'm gonna do what I want ♪
Yuhr! Oh, dude, what the fuck?
You look like shit.
I feel like shit.
You gotta get on
your Turkish bath shit, bro.
For 20 cash, I got my boy Oleg.
He will beat the hangover out of you.
Three ginger shots,
a bacon, egg, and cheese,
a quick pull on your dick,
you're back to normal.
- Oleg, say "what up" to my boy.
- No camera.
- Hiya!
- Ow! That hurt!
Let me hit you back, Bari.
What the fuck, Oleg?
It's called "client referrals!"
- Knock, knock!
- Oh!
Hey, man!
- Lin.
- Right. Lin. Got it.
Welcome to the Cosmic family, my bro.
Mm.
Oh, it's a Japanese worry plant.
- A worry plant?
- Mm-hmm.
- Thanks?
- Yeah.
So, I saw some of the artwork
for Mr. Rager.
All right.
Yeah, so I'm gonna keep it a million
with you, my bro.
Because there's not a lot of us here,
you know?
- "Us"?
- Yeah, I'm Puerto Rican.
My people.
Oh, okay. Cool.
Yeah, so about Mr. Rager, uh...
This is Cosmic Comics, my bro.
I've been here for eight years,
from intern to illustrator.
So you can trust me when I tell you that
we don't really do that raw stuff here.
Raw?
Mr. Rager is so dark, my bro.
Don't get me wrong.
Personally, I love dark.
That whole street art
"fuck the man" thing, I love it.
Outside of here.
But inside, it's all about bright, lite,
and white, my bro. You know what I mean?
Nah, fam. Look...
...Lin, right?
My bro.
I think Cosmic brought me in
because they wanted something raw,
you feel me?
Well, maybe. Maybe.
But trust me, there's one thing I learned,
you don't change Cosmic Comics, my bro.
Cosmic Comics changes you.
Oh! Nice!
Hey, are you on Stush, my bro?
Nah, man.
What? You are wilding, my bro.
I am cleaning up on here.
La morenas, ooh, they love the Lin.
A worry plant.
Ah!
Oh, shit!
Whoa!
My bro!
Suck on this, bitch.
Thanks, Mr. Rager.
I, uh... I, uh...
Yo, what the fuck are you wearing?
Oh, this? It's my new look!
Fire, right?
Bright, white, and lite, baby.
What the fuck?
...and that three-pointer
takes us to the break.
Halftime brought to you by Stush.
Graduating at the top
of my class at business school? Check.
Youngest partner at my firm? Check.
But meeting someone worthy
of all this bomb pussy?
It's a lot harder than it looks.
Stush. Starting at...
Well, can't put a price on everything.
Real products that don't even
throw a shadow, okay?
Who is it?
Liquor delivery!
Hey, man, I didn't order any liquor.
Man, this is 120 Franklin 3B, ain't it?
You hit 3A, dude.
- Fuck!
- Oh, shit. My bad, bro.
All good.
What the fuck?
Shut up!
Get over there!
♪ My life ain't complete
If I ain't got no buzz ♪
♪ And can't nobody do it like we does ♪
♪ It's a must brat bust
And the mic you're handing me ♪
♪ And represent
For the rest of the family ♪
Ah, I see you! Whoo!
Hello? Hello?
Whose party is this?
- Yo. Excuse me.
- What?
- Do you know who lives here?
- No, man. So she...
Of course.
Is this your place? Do you live here?
- Hey, do you know who lives here?
- Hey, hey, hey.
What's up, man? Can I help you?
Yeah, uh, is this your place?
No, but this is a private party.
Yeah, I get that.
I'm just looking for the host.
- Hey, whoa, I'm talking to you.
- Yo, don't touch me, man.
- Whoa. Hey, calm down, dude.
- I am calm.
Good. We're not looking for any trouble,
all right?
- Oh, so I'm looking for trouble?
- Wait, hold on.
Bro, I think we got off
to the wrong start.
I'm really not trying to be a dick,
but if this is what you want...
Hey, don't bring that vibe in here!
♪ Mm ♪
♪ You're such an angel ♪
♪ In your halo ♪
Such an angel ♪
Hello!
♪ Where'd you come from?
Where'd you come from? ♪
Can I help you?
Oh, I... I, uh...
I'm your new neighbor.
Oh shit! The music.
I am so sorry.
You live here?
Unbelievable!
I go outside for two seconds,
and these derelicts turn my place
into 1 OAK.
He never said he lived here.
So, what's your name, neighbor?
- Jabari.
- Nice to meet you, Jabari.
I'm Meadow.
Yeah, and I'm Reed.
Can I get you a drink?
Oh, no, thanks.
I should really put myself back to bed.
Okay. And... and don't worry.
We're winding down.
Nah, it's fine!
Turn the music back up! Party! Turn it up.
I don't want to be a party pooper
or nothing like that.
Okay.
Well, sweet dreams, then.
Thanks.
Party hard.
"Party pooper." "Party hard."
What the fuck was that?
Yo, he is lucky you came when you did.
You know I was captain
of the boxing club, right?
Ooh! Girl, is that your neighbor?
Yeah.
He's cute.
♪ Such an angel ♪
♪ In your halo ♪
♪ Where'd you come from? ♪
What the fuck?
One second!
Hi, I, um...
Shit.
Hey, my bad.
I got to get someone up here
to look at this door.
Fucking thing
slams on its own all the time.
Uh...
What's up?
Right.
Uh, so I just want to apologize
for last night.
I feel so bad. I did not mean
for things to get so out of control.
It's all good. All good.
I can't be mad at a Friday night turn-up.
But I can be mad at your music.
Uh...
I'm sorry?
Yeah, was that Dru Hill?
Okay, pre-"Thong Song" Sisqó was fire.
Yeah, but never forget
post-"Thong Song" Sisqó.
Fair.
Anyway, in trying to ease
my guilty conscience, I...
I just wanted to stop by and see
if I could treat you to lunch.
You know, just to make up
for any lack of sleep.
Cool. That's what's up.
Great!
- Uh, how long do you need?
- Oh, shit.
You're trying on now. Uh, all right.
- Uh, give me a minute to get it together.
- Okay.
Are you ready?
- Ready.
- Cool.
Just so you know,
I'm ordering two of everything.
So, you're a photographer?
Yeah, I never leave home without her, so...
- What?
- Uh, it's nothing.
I actually really like that.
The whole "men walking curbside" thing
is the one chivalrous thing I'm into.
Why's that?
It shows you're willing to die for me.
Okay. Sure.
- Hey, Corey.
- Hey, girl.
I don't usually bring people here.
Why? Because of the one-star Yelp rating?
Uh, no.
Because this is my secret spot.
I'd take a burger from here
over a fancy dinner any day.
Thank God. I half expected you to take me
to some mung bean vegan situation.
Oh, yeah? I give you that vibe?
Just saying.
You guys ready?
Do you trust me?
All right. All right.
We'll have two specials.
Coming right up.
So, when do I get to see
some of your photos?
Well, if you find yourself
at the Studio Museum, they'll be there.
Hold on. Big flex.
Did you say your work's gonna be
in a museum?
Mm-hmm.
That's fucking dope! Congrats!
Thank you. I mean, it's a month from now.
It's a group show.
I... I'm just... I'm really excited.
I mean, I'm terrified,
but I'm really excited.
Um...
You never told me what you do.
Oh. Yeah. Um...
I created this character, and I draw him
around the city on buildings and shit.
- Wherever, really.
- Like Mr. Rager?
You seen my shit?
Wait, wait, wait. Mr. Rager? That's you?
I'm a fan!
Aw.
- Thank you.
- No, really! I'm a fan.
Actually, I just got a deal with Cosmic
to turn Mr. Rager into a comic.
Like a comic book?
Yeah.
Okay.
Cool.
- What?
- Oh, no, no, no. That's dope.
Just don't let them Deadpool up your shit.
Nah, never that.
Special two times.
Thank you.
Dig in. And you're welcome.
Oh, my God. This is fucking amazing!
Right? Not bad for a mung bean
vegan situation.
Hmm?
The special burger is vegan.
- What?
- Mm-hmm.
This spot doesn't even look like
it'd seat a vegan!
♪ Oh, my heart is soaring
Soaring ♪
♪ Oh, I hear you calling ♪
♪ Put your hands all on me ♪
♪ Falling, I'm falling ♪
Whoa!
♪ Touch my skin so softly ♪
You cool?
♪ You're the sweetest melody
Thank God... ♪
Mm-hmm.
♪ ...I found you ♪
♪ These things inside
You know them now ♪
♪ I see you ♪
♪ You see me ignite the love ♪
♪ Sweet old love of mine ♪
♪ A love story by ♪
♪ It's just you and I ♪
♪ Ooh, I need your body ♪
♪ Ooh, let me have you, please ♪
♪ Leave that stress behind you ♪
♪ Ooh, you said to me ♪
♪ I've been waiting for so fucking long ♪
♪ Falling from the sky to me angel wings ♪
♪ Let's dream away
We in a special zone ♪
Come on. I want to show you something.
What? Not in this rain.
♪ You know them now ♪
♪ I see you ♪
♪ You see me ♪
♪ Ignite the love ♪
Oh, my God. Jesus!
♪ I see you ♪
♪ Sweet old love of mine ♪
This is my first one.
Wow.
Thanks for the burger.
Burgers. Plural.
Hey, I told you I was gonna order
two of everything.
Well.
Whoo... Oh...
Meadow!
Today was fun.
Yeah, it was.
Never date a neighbor.
Trust me. I know.
One time, I met this white girl
in the laundry room of my building.
Body? Crazy.
Face? Eh. But body? Crazy.
She asked me for, like,
eight fabric softener sheets.
Next thing I know, we're fucking.
both grunting
I was smacking for two weeks straight.
She never wanted to go home,
I was piping so good.
Shit was amazing!
Then one day, I'm making a protein shake...
...and somebody starts beating on my door
like the goddamn police.
So I go to see what's up, and it's Ice!
Wait, man. Like Ice-T?
Nah, nigga, like I.C.E.,
the immigration niggas.
These niggas were like,
"We're looking Fedogia Katznosov."
I'm like, "Huh?"
Then dude holds up a picture.
I'm like, "You mean Keisha?"
Turns out she was a Russian hacker
squatting in the laundry room.
And they was trying to charge me
for housing this bitch.
Now I can't even do my laundry anymore.
Dick gets hard
every time I smell a Bounce sheet.
I have so many thoughts,
but let's start with the fact that
technically, she wasn't your neighbor.
Damn. I guess you're right.
But still, don't do it.
Is that the Beyoncé niggas?
Oh!
This party 'bout to be crazy!
So, when's date number two happening?
Uh...
After date number one.
So asking a guy to lunch,
taking him to your favorite restaurant,
going for a romantic stroll in the rain
doesn't constitute as a date?
I was on a date, huh?
- You were on a date.
- Karina!
I'm just happy you met someone.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay, pump your brakes,
Charlotte York.
We just had lunch.
Whatever.
Mm-mm. No. Try the other ones.
You just don't want me to wear these
'cause they're your favorite.
Girl, I could care less. Wear 'em all.
I haven't been in anything
but Birkenstocks since month four.
All right, I gotta hurry up.
Reed says he's two minutes away.
That man!
He looks like Park Avenue Prince Harry,
and I'd be down to bow before the crown.
Does your husband know
that you're in heat?
Oh, these.
Wait, wait, wait.
I get not mixing business with pleasure,
but you mean to tell me you've never
been curious about Reed's...
pleasure?
Reed? No.
Besides, all white dudes
look the same to me.
You mean to tell me there's no white man
that could turn your head?
Chris Hemsworth? Liam Hemsworth?
Any Hemsworth?
- Nope.
- How can you just rule them all out?
Oppression.
"No, we will not sell for Bitcoin."
You fucking idiot.
What... Really?
What? You know I hate these things.
I do, but it's my job
to take you to these things,
because it's these people who are going
to eventually buy your work.
This is gonna be one of your weird
fucking art parties, isn't it?
You brought me to a vagina party?
Too weird?
You shouldn't be scared.
You have one, right?
Reed!
Oh, yeah, I forgot.
The host, Sydnie Ardmore,
also my ex-girlfriend.
Oh.
- This is gonna be fun.
- Sydnie!
Reed!
I'm so glad you could make it.
- I didn't know you were bringing a date.
- Nope. Not his date.
No, no, this is Meadow Watson.
She's the insanely talented photographer
I wanted you to meet.
- And buy.
- What?
Hello, Meadow. I'm sure if this one
is parading you around town,
your work must be dope.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, I am totally looking forward
to seeing it.
I'm so sorry, I do have to steal Reed away
for just a second.
- Oh, yeah. No, go for it.
- I'll be right back.
Bro, this shit is even getting
too weird for me.
Yeah, but these pusscroons are fantastic,
I will say.
Oh, shit!
Man, the fuck are you doing?
That's my neighbor.
The one I was telling you about.
She's standing at the bar!
Not her over there
with the cirrhosis of the liver?
That's not her, man.
Oh, nah, she bad.
Fuck everything I said about neighbors.
She worth getting deported to Russia for.
Hey!
Holy shit! What are you doing here?
This doesn't really seem like your vibe.
Could say the same for you.
Ah.
Yeah, no.
Didn't think it was in the cards
for me to see you so soon.
You live down the hall.
Sounds like you need new cards.
Right. But right now, I'm pretty happy
with the ones I've got.
Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Lady, you crazy!
- No dicks allowed!
- Shit, shit, shit!
Wow. Okay.
Yeah. You want to get out of here?
Mm-hmm.
Give you a ride home?
You drove?
You gonna ride that to valet?
Ha ha. Funny.
Nah, get on.
You know, I came here in a Maybach.
Yeah, and you're leaving on a Mongoose.
Unless you don't want to ruin that little
cocktail dress of yours.
What is that anyway? Prada?
It's Valentino. And don't try and play me.
♪ Never have I seen someone so pretty
Wow ♪
♪ It's pretty wild, crazy ♪
♪ Caught me looking, such a vision
Oh so pretty, wow ♪
♪ It's pretty wild, crazy ♪
♪ You look at me ♪
♪ Hope you can't see, no ♪
You trust me?
♪ As my heart beats ♪
♪ I'm the lonely man
The lonely man, baby ♪
♪ Mm ♪
♪ N-A ♪
- ♪ N-A ♪
- ♪ Mm ♪
♪ Rolling through my days
And all my nights ♪
♪ Speeding by
Hoping I don't hit the walls ♪
♪ There she stands and we share a stare ♪
♪ She is all I've been wanting, y'all ♪
♪ I can't explain what I'm feeling ♪
♪ So I will wait
And I'll wait for you ♪
♪ I will wait, and I'll wait for you ♪
♪ In love ♪
♪ Now I know, now I know
There's a truth I can't hide ♪
♪ In love ♪
♪ Can't believe what I'm seeing
Unreal to my eyes ♪
♪ In love ♪
♪ And you find me
I find you whatever the life ♪
♪ In love ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
Let's go, people! Let's go!
Mm-hmm.
It's round 12.
Your mans is wobblin'! He's weak.
Let's light him up! Jab, jab!
Right hook! Uppercut!
No dick?
No kiss?
No nothing?
Let's go. We need that KO!
Five, four, three, two, one!
Hey, Creed, next time just fuck him.
All right, then what happened?
Then I just took her home.
In an Uber, right?
No, she hopped on the back of my bike.
What? You rode a bitch home on your pegs?
I mean, it's no Italian super scooter.
Hey, bitches love horsepower.
Stop saying "bitches," okay?
And please don't tell me
you'd actually wear that helmet.
Oh, I always wear a helmet.
Safety first, bro.
How do you think I've been able to stay
chlamydia-free since '03.
How old were you in 2003?
Shit. Old enough to feel the burn.
Look, we spent all day together, okay?
So when we got home,
we just said good night, and that was it.
- Not even a good-night smooch?
- Dude, she's my neighbor.
I just moved into the building.
I'm not trying to fuck the vibes up,
you know what I mean?
Dude, you all right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was just blown away
by Bari's bitch-ass-ness.
You know, Rob and I
fucked in the bathroom on our first date.
Wait, what? At the UNICEF masquerade ball?
That's just what we decided
to tell people.
Our real first date?
It was a typically fine blind date.
Except for the fact that he wanted
to eat at Ninja New York.
Ninja New York?
Rob is weird.
He has a thing for feudal Japan.
I was bored out of my mind.
But my punan felt differently.
Your what?
What? Punan?
Punan, punan, punan.
Girl, just let me finish.
I tried to pay attention,
figured I could push through.
But she was not having it.
I couldn't take it anymore.
I had a choice.
I could leave this fine date
with this nice guy,
go home alone and break out my vibrator,
then wait for him to text me,
I don't know, three to five days later
for a second date
at Medieval Times or some shit.
Or...
we could be legends.
Hey!
Now, it might have
only lasted 35 seconds, but...
oh, legends we were.
You trifling. You busted it open
at Ninja New York?
Look, all I'm saying is
there is a time to follow your heart,
a time to follow your punan,
and a time to follow...
That guy.
Whatever he's eating, I want that.
My name is Jabari,
and a bad bitch wants to have sex with me,
and I'm too scared of the pussy.
Wah! Wah!
Played yourself.
No. Chill, bro. I hear you, Bari.
Like for me, I can't fuck with a chick
unless I'm sure she can hold it down
if I have to...
you know, go away.
Jimmers. Weed is legal.
Where are you going away to?
I'm not talking about weed, man.
I'm talking about plastics.
I'm working on some stuff.
Put that pussy down, man.
Be well, Cheeto. Be well.
I don't know, Rina.
I'm standing in that hallway last night,
and literally all I wanted to do was bone.
I mean, right there,
hanging from the incinerator door.
Just wild, wet...
Sloppy. Choking.
Oh, like right up to the point
of losing consciousness.
Mm!
Oh God, I hate this feeling.
You like him. It's just butterflies.
Oh, no, no, no.
It is not just butterflies.
I know what these tingles are,
and it is more than just sex.
Okay, but maybe,
and just playing devil's advocate here,
maybe those tingles are telling you
to look out,
'cause this could be something good.
Meeting someone in the city is a big deal,
so let it be a good big deal.
All I'm saying is be open. Okay?
Just be open.
And by "open," I mean your punan!
Look, man, I just don't want you
to end up in the friend zone,
watering her houseplants
and feeding her cat
while she on a month-long meditation
retreat with some nigga named Villard.
Oh, man.
Bro. Who hurt you?
Remember, be open!
Yeah. Yeah. Love you.
All right, you guys.
I'm gonna get some work done.
What you need to work on
is your fine-ass neighbor.
The heart wants what the heart wants,
but the punan needs what punan needs!
- I'm not fucking my neighbor!
Get it together, Meadow.
Okay. All right.
Hey.
♪ This the day I been waiting for ♪
♪ And I'm setting the scene ♪
♪ Your touch paralyzes me
In the morning ♪
♪ And I I don't want you to go ♪
♪ Sincerely yours forever more ♪
♪ And teach me what I should know ♪
♪ And I count you
Show me something new ♪
♪ Honey, mm ♪
♪ Oh, take control of me ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I've been willing ♪
♪ To trust someone ♪
♪ And I've been ♪
♪ Willing to trust someone ♪
♪ If we ain't got trust
We ain't got nothing ♪
♪ Is this really love
What it's becoming? ♪
♪ Funny how we turned into something ♪
♪ Say you wasn't even looking
For a boyfriend ♪
♪ Don't need new friends
That shit's so confusing ♪
♪ Left your ex
Thought you'd never trust a man again ♪
♪ Don't take it out on me, no ♪
♪ Don't do me dirty
Let's make this worth it ♪
♪ I've been ♪
♪ Willing to trust someone ♪
♪ And I've been ♪
♪ Yeah, oh ♪
♪ I got you
Don't worry, love ♪
♪ Oh, hold on me ♪
♪ I got you
Don't worry, love ♪
♪ Oh, just lay with me ♪
♪ I got you
Don't worry, love ♪
♪ Oh, you're so sweet ♪
♪ I got you
Don't worry, love ♪
♪ Right here is where I'll be ♪
♪ I got you
Don't worry, love ♪
♪ All this time I thought I'd never find ♪
♪ I got you
Don't worry, love ♪
♪ Oh, just hold on me ♪
Huh?
Who the fuck?
♪ It is like combining two worlds
So that shit hard ♪
- ♪ It's time for that, though ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Deuce and Cudi ♪
- ♪ Yeah, nigga ♪
♪ Can't believe it, baby
No, you can't believe it, baby ♪
♪ Riding through the city
And I'm coasting ♪
♪ Bitch get off me
Bitch get off me ♪
♪ Can't believe it, baby
No, you can't believe it, baby ♪
Jabari! I'm coming. I'm coming.
Oh, thank God you're here.
Carmen. Okay, okay, okay.
Where is it?
- In the kitchen!
- All right.
What the fuck are you wearing?
It's like a thousand degrees in here.
Rat armor!
Would you relax?
There's no way
there's a rat in your apartment.
Oh, shit!
- That's a fucking rat!
- I told you!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
- What am I supposed to do?
- Call a fucking exterminator!
♪ And I'm coasting
Bitch, get off me ♪
♪ Bitch, get off me
Can't believe it, baby ♪
♪ No, you can't believe it, baby
Riding through the city and I'm coasting ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Getting lost in the rythym
Of the fucking flight ♪
♪ When the city lights shine
And the mood is right ♪
♪ When you sipping
Ain't no tripping on the move tonight ♪
♪ Bring out the whole team
I'm on lysergic ♪
People's exes text them all the time.
♪ Seen him in the streets
I'm taking off ♪
- ♪ Make them understand ♪
- How bad could it really be?
♪ In my world the view swerve
Never looking back ♪
♪ Forty-two, I do okay
I knew you couldn't hold me, Jack ♪
♪ And it's on, bigger bank
Time to get it now ♪
♪ Ben baller did the chain
Rosie Goldie, homey ♪
♪ Learn the name ♪
Oh, shit.
Yeah, that's bad.
- Exactly!
- How do you know she even saw it?
Okay. One, when I woke up,
my phone was on the pillow.
Two, she made her side of the bed.
You know how hard it is to make a bed
when someone's still in it?
Okay, weird.
Three, when I text her,
she hit me back with the thumbs-up emoji.
Yeah, but was the skin color correct?
It was yellow, bro.
Yellow.
Oh, yeah. No, she saw it.
♪ Yeah ♪
Yeah, might be time
to hit the block button on Carmen, bro.
What? I can't block Carmen.
I've known her for like ten years.
Man, I'm about to block my ex.
She won't stop calling me.
Oh, my God. When did you guys break up?
Break up? I just stopped answering
her calls and texts and DMs and shit.
- What?
- So you ghosted her?
Um...
Yeah?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute.
You need to go actually break up
with this girl, man.
She's calling because she doesn't know
she's your ex.
- That's fucked up.
- Like face-to-face?
Ooh! She a wild one, bro.
I don't want to call the cops
on this girl.
Why were you dating a girl
you'd have to call...
Why date a girl
you'd have to call the police on?
Shit, yo. It ain't true love
unless the police are involved!
Oh!
- Shit.
- Damn.
I got this. I got this.
I'm good.
- What's up, boys?
- Downtown Pat, what's good, baby?
Hey, bro, need help with that?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Could you hold this for a second?
Yeah, that's good. That's good.
Love is a motherfucker, boys.
I remember I met this girl once at a rave.
I was tripping my balls off on 'shrooms,
and she saw all the fun that I was having,
and she asked, how much to get like me?
And I says, "How much?
Man, this love is for the community."
So I hit her a couple caps,
and we're dancing the fucking night away.
But dig this.
I woke up at my crib the next morning,
and all my shit was gone.
Bitch stole everything.
When I finally tracked her down,
she said she stole my shit
so I would remember her.
All right, this girl sounds crazy.
And I'm out.
I know that sounds crazy right now.
But, man, at the time, that shit
was the sexiest thing I ever heard.
Shit, drama is fucking sexy.
Yo, Downtown.
You good?
Love is a motherfucker, boys.
It'll find us all. It'll hurt us all.
But goddamn it, it's the only thing
that'll save us all.
If you got it, hold on to it.
♪ Dude ♪
♪ Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh ♪
♪ Lights flicker
For the mighty Rager nigga ♪
♪ I like ♪
♪ When the girlies looking
Please don't ask for pictures ♪
- ♪ It's a ♪
- ♪ Mission every day ♪
- ♪ Just living out some scriptures ♪
- ♪ We here ♪
♪ We forever ♪
♪ I won't miss you ♪
♪ Mm-hmm ♪
♪ This life goes on and on, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Mm-hmm ♪
♪ Living my truth is all I know, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Mm-hmm ♪
♪ In this life it goes on and on, yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Mm-hmm ♪
♪ Living my truth, living with love ♪
Hello?
Hey, it's me.
You're being weird.
- Am I?
- Yeah.
Yeah. Well...
Um...
So that text last night.
Oh, right. I...
I knew you weren't gonna let me keep it.
Oh.
Yeah, I wasn't even really
talking about the hoodie, though.
The picture was just, like,
unexpected.
Yeah, I know.
It was a "felt cute, might delete later"
sort of thing.
Besides, it's not like it's nothing
you haven't seen before.
I just don't think we should be
sending each other stuff like that.
Okay.
You know,
seeing how we're just friends and all.
Okay, Jabari.
Also, I was with somebody
when you sent it,
and they saw it,
and it's kind of become a thing.
Oh.
Well, sorry.
Uh...
I'm sorry, but I have to ask you,
were you with somebody
or were you "with" somebody?
I don't really see the difference.
Okay, well, the difference is,
how long have you been with this somebody?
- Because you fucked me a month ago.
- What?
The last time we hooked up,
I hadn't even met her yet.
- That's not the point, Jabari!
- You're right.
The point is, I don't think that
this friendship thing is working out.
Yeah, well, I agree. I wasn't trying
to be friends in the first place.
You said you couldn't be with anyone,
but clearly that was a lie.
Carmen, I didn't come here
to argue with you.
So, this person you're with,
is she your girlfriend?
No.
But...
I am so stupid.
You should go.
You'll be blocked
before you get downstairs.
Because, you know,
I-I went to school
right up the street from here.
Who would have thought I'd be here
a couple years later?
Hold on a second.
Yo!
Hey. What's up, Nadia?
Ain't shit. Just trying to get
some press in before the show.
- Wow, your stuff is looking dope.
- Yeah, my bad.
I know I kind of took over
some of your space.
You haven't been here
setting up or anything,
so I just assumed
you weren't doing the show.
Um...
Yeah, uh...
Oh, I see what you doing.
You trying to hit us with that
Beyoncé drop on opening night!
Yeah. Yeah, that's it.
You know me. Dramatic.
Yeah, but that's what makes you dope.
Yeah.
All right, girl.
Let me get back to this white man.
I see you later, all right?
Hey! You break it, you bought it, Jerry!
I'm looking, not touching.
Not my first gallery tour.
Yo.
Oh.
Hey.
Um...
Headed back out?
Yeah, I got a, um... a thing.
Look. I know this morning's shit
probably seemed very fuckboyish,
but I just want to say
that I'm not a scumbag.
My ex just had the wrong idea
about what it means to be friends,
but I cleared that up now,
so there's no lingering drama.
Fuck yes.
Oh yeah.
Um...
The whole "ex sext" thing
was definitely weird.
Were you really with her yesterday?
Yeah. But I didn't...
Look, I gotta go, okay?
Wait. Wait. Wait. Whoa.
Meadow.
I know that sounds crazy,
but nothing happened.
What I'm trying to say is,
I'm sorry if that hurt you.
I really like you,
and I want you to know you can trust me.
Listen, Jabari,
I really like you too, but...
You know, I think all of this is moving
way too fast, and you and I,
I mean, we both have a lot going on.
So I think we should just, like,
take a second.
Med.
I'm sorry, I just can't do this right now.
I really can't. I gotta go.
Fuck.
- I get it. Crypto.
- Hello.
Hi. I'm supposed to be meeting Reed.
Hey, superstar. Carol, I got her.
Hey.
Oh.
Are you freaking out?
Don't!
You know, you artists are all the same.
A couple weeks out from a show,
and you guys turn into the walking dead.
Meadow, relax. You are amazing.
Your show will be amazing,
and everyone is going to love your work.
You should be proud.
Thanks. I, uh...
- I needed that.
- Yeah, anytime.
Uh, now, come on. Everyone's waiting.
What? I thought we were
just grabbing dinner real quick.
We are.
Just with a couple friends.
Caviar deviled eggs?
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Pray out loud
As I pray out loud sitting ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Days are long
And my nights are spent wishing ♪
♪ So it seems I'm complete
Doubt that ♪
♪ Silent suffering, baby ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Thoughts spin round, yeah
These thoughts spin round my head ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Thinking about all the special things
You said ♪
♪ When I sleep you're what I see
Can't shake it ♪
♪ Silent suffering, baby ♪
♪ And they say that I'll heal in time ♪
♪ Maybe so, maybe not ♪
♪ Take it slow and you'll soon be fine ♪
♪ And they say that I'll heal in time ♪
♪ Maybe so, maybe not ♪
♪ Take it slow and you'll soon be fine ♪
♪ Sunday afternoon ♪
♪ And I'm dreaming of you ♪
♪ Please don't go throw your love away ♪
♪ I'm missing you ♪
Well done!
- Can't wait to see more.
- Great stuff, Jabari.
Love your work, bro!
Awesome!
Ooh, my bro, you killed it!
Mark my words,
Mr. Rager's going to be
the biggest property at Cosmic.
Hey, so about the whole bright,
white and lite thing,
I was just looking out, you know?
Just passing on some game. Tomó la tu.
You know, that's for you.
I didn't expect you to repeat it
in front of the whole board.
But, uh, hey, whatever, man. You know?
It's cool, fam. I appreciate it.
My bro.
Oh, something is totally bugged
with my Stush app.
I swear, they keep sending me
the same girls.
No, Rhonda and I are not
the perfect match!
Ugh! Dios mio.
Yeah!
I love that one.
I think it's my favorite.
Yeah?
So, where's he going?
Uh, yeah.
I don't know if he's gonna make the cut.
What?
But he just fits.
I'm not sure that he does.
Damn. Well, shit, you know better than me.
Mmm. Junior's Cheesecake.
Now this is my kind of Saturday.
Yeah. Well, I know that's the real reason
you come to visit your little brother.
I'll come all the way from Queens for you.
But, damn, this is a close second.
How you holding up?
I'm good. I'm good.
Us deciding to pump the brakes
was the right call.
Neither of us really wanted
nothing serious, so, you know...
- Really?
- What?
"Nothing serious"?
Jeez, Jabari, you called me
about that girl.
You barely call me on my birthday.
I don't know, Ellie.
I'm... I'm fucked up.
I never felt this way about a girl before.
Have you talked to her?
No, I'm cool.
Ow! What the fuck?
Bro, don't let your pride make you
miss out on something good.
You need to tell this girl how you feel.
- I tried that.
- Then try again.
Love is the easiest thing in the world
when it happens by accident,
but it doesn't get real
until you do it on purpose.
There she is!
Hey, guys.
I am so fucking proud of you, Meadow.
- Aw.
- We both are.
Thank you, and thank you for coming.
Oh, shut up.
We wouldn't miss this for the world.
And besides, I will take any excuse
to get dressed up.
And look, I'm back, bitch!
I see.
Babe, can you grab me another champagne?
It's Mama's night out.
All right, talk to me.
He's not coming.
Sweetie, did you ask him to come?
No. I don't know.
Somewhere deep down,
I just thought he'd show up.
I feel kind of dumb, I guess.
Okay, first off,
this night is not about him.
It's about you.
And you shouldn't feel anything
but magic tonight.
And second,
it's okay to be disappointed, Meadow.
Here's the truth.
Everyone's just out here
looking for their person.
Maybe Jabari is your person. Maybe not.
But you've got to be willing
to put yourself out there
if finding your person is what you want.
Karina...
It sucks. I know.
And it's scary.
But it's on you, Meadow.
It's on you.
So, it just gets me tight that people
equate New York with gray and darkness
when the city's mad colorful.
Like, even the people are so colorful.
So in my work, I try to showcase that.
Yo, Nadia. Shit. I feel you.
Seriously, I feel it in your work.
Um, anyway, Meadow, tell me about you.
Is that what drew you to photography?
Oh, thank you.
Uh...
I... I guess what I like the most is...
It's...
It's the ability to capture a moment.
It's the ability to stop time.
Because sometimes moments
can get too big for us.
You know, we get scared, and we... we run.
We fold.
We do the wrong thing.
We say the wrong thing,
and then just like that,
the moment has passed.
So I guess I just like having the ability
to just pause a moment forever
in the hopes of the impossibility
of just getting back to it.
Doing it over.
Hopefully that answered your question
and that made some sense.
And if it didn't, I'm just gonna blame it
on the fact
that I'm, like, super hungry right now.
Really. I'm just thinking about
what I'm gonna eat after this.
You were just amazing.
Oh, thank you. Thank you.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
- Absolutely brilliant.
- Yes. Thank you so much.
Hey!
Hey, I'm going
to Varick and Leonard, please.
♪ Please don't go, let's talk about it ♪
♪ No need for wilding
Just another fight ♪
♪ What's going on, know I did you wrong
I can't deny ♪
♪ Don't tell no lies, look into my eyes
You can read signs ♪
♪ Our souls align, say, give it time
Don't want to hold you up ♪
♪ Down on my luck ♪
♪ I'm sitting stuck ♪
♪ Please find me, I'm waiting
No hiding ♪
♪ Got to get you, babe
No bullshit, I'm trying ♪
♪ Can't shake her, shake her ♪
♪ I'm gonna dream you later
And I love it, you are truly everything ♪
♪ Word to me ♪
♪ Can't shake her, shake her ♪
♪ I'm gonna dream you later
And I love it, you are truly everything ♪
♪ Word to me ♪
♪ Can't shake her, shake her ♪
♪ I'm gonna dream you later
And I love it, you are truly everything ♪
♪ Word to me ♪
♪ Can't shake her, shake her ♪
♪ I'm gonna dream you later
And I love it, you are truly everything ♪
♪ Word to me ♪
♪ Every night in the memories ♪
♪ Can't escape you if I tried ♪
♪ You stay with me ♪
♪ Ain't no use, I'm mesmerized ♪
♪ You're so comforting ♪
♪ Come with me, don't question why ♪
♪ My lovely ♪
♪ Mm-mm ♪
♪ Since I met you
No, I never want to let you go ♪
♪ Can't forget you ♪
♪ Days I'd sweat you so you'd know ♪
♪ I'm lost in your awe ♪
♪ Ain't forgetting this dream
Can you help me out? ♪
♪ Don't you see? ♪
♪ Can't shake her, shake her ♪
♪ I'm gonna dream you later
And I love it, you are truly everything ♪
♪ Word to me ♪
♪ Can't shake her, shake her ♪
♪ I'm gonna dream you later
And I love it, you are truly everything ♪
♪ Word to me ♪
Did you know that these burgers are vegan?
Ew.
♪ Shake her ♪
♪ I'm gonna dream you later
And I love it, you are truly everything ♪
♪ Word to me ♪
♪ Shake her ♪
♪ Can't shake her, no
Can't shake her, no, no ♪
♪ Can't get away ♪
♪ Can't get away
No, no, no, no ♪
♪ Can't shake ♪
Hey.
♪ Can't get away ♪
Popular dating app Stush
is under fire this evening.
It turns out the dating component
of the application
was a Trojan horse for identity theft.
The founders of Stush were stealing
users' credit card information
to verify extravagant purchases.
Authorities estimate the company was
able to embezzle upwards of $150 million
in just under three months.
Those who did find love
certainly paid a pretty penny for it.
♪ Word to me ♪
♪ Shake her ♪
♪ Can't shake her, no
Can't shake her, no, no ♪
♪ Can't get away ♪
♪ She's looking for me
She's looking for me ♪
♪ Oh, she's looking for me
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh, can she save the night
Can she save the night in time? ♪
♪ Can she save the night
♪ Call him on the weekend
All her girls are going out ♪
♪ Raging till Sunday ♪
♪ She just wants some private time
Company ain't boring ♪
♪ This is just the love game
Tonight she'll be scoring ♪
♪ Let go all the fears
Ain't no thinking twice ♪
♪ Finally he text back
Oh, I think he like me ♪
♪ Matter of fact she know it
He smiles when he see her ♪
♪ Tequila and some R&B
Sex till she dizzy ♪
♪ Dizzy ♪
♪ Baby girl, let me know ♪
♪ She's looking for me
She's looking for me, oh ♪
♪ Oh, she's looking for me
♪ Oh, can she save the night
Can she save the night in time? ♪
♪ Can she save the night
♪ Come on, think he all about it ♪
♪ Can't stall, have some fun
Ready ♪
♪ Now she got the boy
In a dream loving, heating up ♪
♪ Can't get enough ♪
♪ She never want to leave
See, the night's still young ♪
♪ Smoking, feeling free
Making love to my tongue ♪
♪ He holds her tight ♪
♪ Sex until the morning light ♪
♪ Baby girl, let me know ♪
♪ She's looking for me
She's looking for me, oh ♪
♪ Oh, she's looking for me
She's looking for me ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh, can she save the night
Can she save the night in time? ♪
♪ Can she save the night
♪ You want, you want, you want
You want, you want, you want ♪
♪ You want, you want, you want ♪
Subtitle translation by: Nick Lombardi